Create documentation and enable system tests local execution (#3204)
treeverse/lakeFS: esti/docs/README.md

# System and Integration Testing

When a pull request is being committed / merged, we run several test suites to ensure nothing got broken due to the introduced changes.
Since these are system level tests, we created an infrastructure which deploys lakeFS on a VM and executes the tests using different clients on various storage adapters.

The following guide explains how to set up and execute the system tests infrastructure in order to optimize the development process, and enable debugging of the tests in a local environment.

## Running system tests

A couple of prerequisites before we start:

* Go over our [contributing](https://docs.lakefs.io/contributing.html) page and make sure you have a working lakeFS environment.
* Docker and docker-compose (we are using docker-compose to load a containerized postgres DB)
* Curl

### Running lakeFS

*Before running the tests we need to run a lakeFS instance configured for local execution of system tests*

> Under _**esti/scripts**_ you will find the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under _**esti/scripts**_ you will find the following:
```

1. **lakefs.yaml**
   1. Contains the lakeFS configuration required for local test execution
   2. We use local storage type to run the tests

>    3. The data will be stored under the filesystem's _/tmp_ folder (can be configured to any folder with the required permissions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   3. The data will be stored under the system temporary folder (can be configured to any folder with the required permissions)
```
